Docs for developers (#473)
sunpy/ndcube: docs/extending_ndcube.rst

> Extending ndcube in other packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending ndcube in Other Packages
```

==================================

> This section of the documentation is aimed at people developing packages which extend the functionality in ndcube in other packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is aimed at people developing packages which extend the functionality of ndcube data classes.
```

> Subclassing an ndcube object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclassing an ndcube Data Class
```

----------------------------

> Before you subclass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before You Subclass
```

###################

The data classes in ndcube have been designed to be subclassed and extended.

> One word of warning before you go ahead and write ``myclass(NDCube)``: think about if the functionality you are writing is more generally applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One word of warning before you write ``myclass(NDCube)`` though: think about if the functionality you are writing is more generally applicable.
```

Imagine for a moment that you are writing a class which is specifically for a cube with space, space, wavelength axes so that you can do some operations like fitting along the wavelength axis.

> Your subclass of ``NDCube`` may provide great functionality for the users who have data which meets your assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your subclass of ``NDCube`` may provide great functionality for the users who have data which meet your assumptions.
```

However, if I come along with a space, space, wavelength, time 4D cube I may want to make use of your fitting functions along the wavelength axis.

> **Can you write your functionality in a way which takes any ``NDCube`` object which has any specific combination of physical types?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Can you write your functionality in a way that takes any ``NDCube`` object with any specific combination of physical types?**
```

Subclassing
###########

When you are subclassing, try to use as much of the upstream object properties as possible.

> Doing this will make your life easier, by being able to reuse functionality designed for all different types of ndcube classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing this will enable you to reuse functionality designed for all ndcube classes and hence make your life easier.
```

> For instance if your class has a special property ``.info`` it would not automatically be carried through operations such as slicing and reprojecting, you would need to customise all these operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance if your class has a special property ``.info`` it would not automatically be carried through operations such as slicing and reprojecting.
You would need to customize all these operations.
```

If instead you put an ``info`` key in the ``meta`` dictionary it would automatically be copied through the appropriate operations.

> Customising the visualisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizing the Visualization
```

#############################

> The ``.plotter`` attribute of the ``NDCube`` class is configurable and allows you to customise the visualization functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``.plotter`` attribute of the ``NDCube`` class is configurable and allows you to customize the visualization functionality.
```

This can be as minor as changing the defaults or as complete as using an alternative visualization library.

> To customise the default type for your subclass first you need to implement a custom class inheriting from `ndcube.visualization.BasePlotter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the default type for your subclass, you first need to implement a custom class inheriting from `ndcube.visualization.BasePlotter`.
```

Extending ndcube in Other Packages
==================================

This section is aimed at people developing packages which extend the functionality of ndcube data classes.

> Subclassing an ndcube Data Class
> ----------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclassing an ndcube Data Class
--------------------------------
```
